#
# Speech PROcessing tools - INSTALL
#
# $Author: ggravier $
# $Date: 2003-08-22 14:42:55 +0200 (Fri, 22 Aug 2003) $
# $Revision: 118 $
#

============
INSTALLATION
============

Installation follows the standard GNU installation procedure. The
following instructions were adapted for the generic INSTALL file
distributed with GNU autoconf.

1. `cd' to the the package root directory and type `./configure' to
configure the package for your system.  If you're using `csh' on an
old version of System V, you might need to type `sh ./configure'
instead to prevent `csh' from trying to execute `configure' itself.

See below for SPro specific options to configure.

Running `configure' takes awhile.  While running, it prints some
messages telling which features it is checking for. 

2. Type `make' to compile the package.

3. Optionally, type `make check' to run any self-tests that come with
the package.

4. Type `make install' to install the programs, the library archive
and header and documentation.

5. You can remove the program binaries and object files from the
source code directory by typing `make clean'.  To also remove the
files that `configure' created (so you can compile the package for a
different kind of computer), type `make distclean'.

Compilers and Options
=====================

   Some systems require unusual options for compilation or linking that
the `configure' script does not know about.  Run `./configure --help'
for details on some of the pertinent environment variables.

   You can give `configure' initial values for variables by setting
them in the environment.  You can do that on the command line like this:

     ./configure CFLAGS="-Wall -O3"

Compiling SPro with the `-O3' is recommended.

Installation Names
==================

   By default, `make install' will install the package's files in
`/usr/local/bin', `/usr/local/man', etc.  You can specify an
installation prefix other than `/usr/local' by giving `configure' the
option `--prefix=PATH'.

   You can specify separate installation prefixes for
architecture-specific files and architecture-independent files.  If
you give `configure' the option `--exec-prefix=PATH', the package will
use PATH as the prefix for installing programs and libraries.
Documentation and other data files will still use the regular prefix.

   In addition, if you use an unusual directory layout you can give
options like `--bindir=PATH' to specify different values for particular
kinds of files.  Run `configure --help' for a list of the directories
you can set and what kinds of files go in them.

Optional Features
=================

   Some packages pay attention to `--enable-FEATURE' options to
`configure', where FEATURE indicates an optional part of the package.
They may also pay attention to `--with-PACKAGE' options, where PACKAGE
is something like `gnu-as' or `x' (for the X Window System).  The
`README' should mention any `--enable-' and `--with-' options that the
package recognizes.

   Support for the SPHERE 2.6 library and file format can be turned on
using --with-sphere=PATH. If the SPHERE library is installed in a
standard place on your system (e.g. /usr/local/include and
/usr/local/lib), there is no need to specify `PATH'. In any other
case, `PATH' should point to the directory where the SPHERE library
has been installed. The compiler will search for the library includes
in `PATH'/include and for the archives in `PATH'/lib.

Supported Platforms
===================

As far as I know, SPro has been successfully build and used on Linux,
SPARC/SunOS, and HP-UX. It should also work on AIX though this has not
been tested so far. This code has *never* been ported to any
Windows-based OS but if someone ever do that, please let me know (I
expect some problems).
